h1. How to contribute

p. Third-party patches are essential for keeping every open source project great. Thus every project should make it as easy as possible to contribute changes. Below are a few guidelines to get new contributors started.

h2. Getting Started

* Make sure you have a "GitHub account":https://github.com/signup/free
* Submit a ticket for your issue, assuming one does not already exist.
** Clearly describe the issue including steps to reproduce when it is a bug.
* Fork the repository on GitHub

h2. Creating a Development Environment

p. Explain Eclipse/Maven-based setup.

p. Coding standards inside the common-resources project.

h2. Making Changes

* Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work.
** This is usually the @master@ branch.
** Only target release branches if you are certain your fix must be on that branch.
* Avoid working directly on the @master@ branch.
* Make commits of logical units.
* Make sure your commit messages contain both a high-level subject line and detailed information about the changes.
* Make sure you have added the necessary tests for your changes.
* Run *all* the tests to assure nothing else was accidentally broken.

p. Show how to run all tests.

h2. Submitting Changes

* Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
* Submit a pull request to the origin repository.

h1. Additional Resources

* "General GitHub documentation":http://help.github.com/ 
* "GitHub pull request documentation":http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/
* "Java SDK":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
* "Eclipse IDE":http://eclipse.org/downloads/
* "Eclipse Git user guide":http://wiki.eclipse.org/EGit/User_Guide
* "Installing and running Maven":http://maven.apache.org/run-maven/index.html